[demo] Replace references to feature flag service with flagd (#4058)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/requirements/architecture.md

## Feature Flag Component

Feature flagging is a crucial part of cloud-native application development. The

> demo should use OpenFeature, a CNCF incubating project, to manage feature flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
demo uses OpenFeature, a CNCF incubating project, to manage feature flags.
```
